Hollywood has been using Teek in movies
since the computer was first invented
and they've been getting it wrong for
just as long and just like the corridor
crew when we see it mistakes in movies
it's pretty hard to overlook and focus
on the rest of the story which is why we
were here at computex and we invited
Wendell from level one Tex to help take
a look and break down some scenes from
TV shows and movies to see what they got
wrong but maybe also some stuff they got
right I was wandering outside and they
brought me in that is actually
true and we also brought in this message
from our sponsor ug green their NEX ode
x 160 W charger is smaller than the
original nexe and comes equipped with
four charging ports bring your 16-in
MacBook Pro from 0 to 50% in just 27
minutes with its 140 watt USBC port
check it out in the description below
[Music]
starting with the TV show Bones in
season 7 episode 6 their computer gets
hacked because someone accidentally
uploaded a virus by scanning a skeleton
let's
watch Once We scan the bones the
computer can predict scenarios
consistent with the damage yeah now now
that's
realistic especially these days okay now
the computer should tell us what caused
the internal
injuries a gunshot there whoa whoa whoa
whoa I'm not even into the computer
stuff yet and that is straight up not
how that would work it's not even
pointing at a
bone okay they fire under the rib cage
I'm sorry was it a
shotgun whoa whoa whoa what what just
happened you think I smell something
system f I smell something oh wow
no yeah the computer wouldn't catch on
fire even if the cooling failed
catastrophically it wouldn't catch on
sometimes the wires will catch on fire
but that would be at the back yeah you
can get little like spot Burns now there
is a product that is specifically
designed with a kill switch that is
supposed to heat up the circuits and
Destroy them a lot of the flight data
stuff in in classified airplanes also
have explosives so you just pull the
thing and it's like thermite and it just
and then it's gone but it would have to
be designed for that also that first
flame was about as convincing as when we
did our April Fool's video where I said
our server room was on fire so it turned
out the malware killed our fans they're
supposed to turn on when the CPU reaches
75° but the malware added a zero and
made it 750 how did this malware get
past our fire it doesn't go past 255
sorry okay for everyone who gets that
that's hilarious it doesn't catch fire
immediately what it would slow down or
turn off it's also weird cuz like you
wouldn't unless the program is badly
written and your adversary knows exactly
the software that you're using and the
version you could do this with like a
buffer overflow so like the data is
parsed as commands instead of data but
most of the time when you're scanning
something it's just going to be data I
feel like by giving it that thorough of
a debunking you're almost respecting it
too much even if what he said wasn't
true there isn't a processor on Earth
that would manage to heat up that fast
even if you turn the fans off it
originated in my computer wait but it
wouldn't have gotten in there unless you
had downloaded something yeah or
uploaded all you uploaded were the scans
of those
bones are you telling me that there's a
computer virus in the bones the computer
virus is in the bones imagine you had
like a CT scan and you have a malformed
CT scan file and you give it to your
hospital and they parse that and then it
turns into a virus that's kind of what
happens with PDFs or anything in your
emails like you get a malform PDF you're
not running a PDF thing and it takes
over your computer looking at a PDF
should be a perfectly safe operation but
it takes over and does stuff so that
part is the least unrealistic part and
it's really a stretch and no two scans
are likely to be exactly identical
because that's largely an analog process
again I think you're respecting it far
too much also what was the point of that
just to light their computer on fire a
motov cocktail would get you there a lot
faster and a lot cheaper anything
promising it's hard to say all the
documents were photographed are in
Chinese he got his hard drives scans of
everything in now hold on just a moment
here this is disappointing because like
some of the stuff is like there there's
there's artistic creative license you
know maybe they scan the bones that
could have been a bomb this is just they
didn't Google it does that even have
chain of
custody again respecting it far too much
now just a minute we've got as hard
drives for one thing that is one hard
drive for another thing really you
couldn't afford any more than a do stop
power supply from the P3 era is that a
20 pin connector
yep yeah that's like 300 W power supply
you will have plenty of stuff to go
through in the
morning he has so many questions he's
like that's not a hard
drive I haven't talked about this much
but Luke and I actually did a little bit
of unpaid Consulting on a Hightech
script for some medium don't worry about
the details because I'm pretty sure I'm
under NDA but speaking from that
experience if I had to guess how these
things happen I would say it's not
because nobody knew better it's not
because a tech EXP expert wasn't hired
to come in and tell them something
different but because they actually made
a conscious decision to not care or they
or they did it too late like there was
some changes that we had suggested that
were like well we can't do it now I
think they could have sourced an e-w
hard drive instead of an e-w power
supply system breach go firewall one we
got a problem this is from Castle
someone sned a rat to one of my servers
a remote access tool we're being
hacked first of all it's remote access
Trojan like is it the more firewalls I
have the more safe I am no no it's like
swiss cheese defense right all the
firewalls have minor vulnerabilities and
you just have a variety of them the
whole way through yeah that's the Battle
Star Galactica
model I love the percentage to breach
thing I love that they have this tool
where they're like we know we suck let's
make sure that we can measure exactly
how screwed we are yeah what's the
morale of the team that develops that
breached in red I mean if you could
figure this out it would be great cuz as
firewall one hits breached you just
message the backup battery and be like
hey you need to turn off right now and
it turns off yeah no that would be too
sensible and look I know that this is
probably going to be the most pedantic
nitpick of all but that's not how you
spell
synced I'll start an intrusion
inspection and find out who IR ran
is who hieroglyphs uhoh oh they're hold
on you don't decrypt a firewall no
firewall number
four he stopped respecting them too much
his brain's broken yeah it's not this is
terrible view options yes
no it's coming from inside the city
trying to narrow it down okay what even
is this it's supposed to be narrowing
down which is funny because how this
circle Works they already know
theoretically that it's in the middle I
can ping it a friend that's three states
away has a lower ping than my neighbor
across the street so I don't this is
like oh let's figure out how far away it
is it doesn't always work like this yeah
tight faster oh my God this scene is
like 3 minutes
long that barely slowed him down I'm
sorry but he's going to find us in less
than a minute should we abort no we
we've only got two of the Blinky boxes
left to
go I like that that's good come on got
it
exact address that's Castle's office he
must be working with Haley she's got the
skill set for this and she is about to
breach our firewall if she does they'll
have instant access to our entire
investigation no they won't okay tell me
this you have breached the URL of
apple.com do you have instant access to
all of the data that's on it no although
Dell if all of it's public Dell's public
suffering lately with that though they
did exfiltrate a lot of data to do with
the customer orders and names and but it
would take time yes and if they were if
Dell was literally sitting there
preventatively anti-hacking yeah no in
fact they would not have access to
everything I can launch a cybernuke but
it'll completely fry a cybernuke
cyber what is this
interface why do they have this
interface but they don't have the
ability to sh off the
[Music]
power oh what just happened we got Cyber
News Armageddon I'm afraid it doesn't
work that
way you don't just have like digital
icbms I mean I assume that what's
supposed to happen there is like you can
trick the person attacking you into
running some executable code and it
wipes something but it doesn't work that
way someone hacked a curtain ad on the
scroll MD site looks like a normal ad
right and this is the code for the
ad but peekaboo there's actually two two
codes written right on top of each
other okay we were doing really good
surprisingly good for AIT I was
convinced this was quite solid that was
actually really cool like and pretty
realistic uh injecting a malicious
redirect into some kind of seemingly
real advertisement especially a pharmacy
where you'd collect a lot of personal
information and valuable personal
information about people maybe that guy
was just thinking his coor workers or
morons and is using that to explain it
and it's like okay this code actually
injects this other code it's not like
code on top of another code I'm
convinced that dude wants to claim that
he has like two weeks to a month of work
to do and he's going to do it in like
four hours now that sounds
realistic the target had to breach the
scroll MD service to inject this Cod not
true actually you could just exploit uh
kind of delivery Network this happens
all the time he's operating almost
entirely on the surface web where he can
reach millions of everyday sys on the
surface web what is the surface web uh
well as opposed to like the dark web or
better script dialogue for that would
have been it's like they're you're
utilizing like public ad networks and
they're flying under the radar of public
ad networks yeah are you you should do
this are you audition for your next
career move Consulting for
Hollywood they won't listen to you
no 218 gone okay
no what I mean if it's a pharmacy
website there's probably tens of I mean
just bot traffic is going to be tens of
thousands of ips but look at the IPS 164
387 that it'll never be more than 255 on
any number whoopsy Doodles no that might
be on purpose just cuz like you could
accidentally have an IP address in there
and it's like oh look it's bang are all
of these breaking that rule think you
might be right whole like there's
reserved IP ranges for kind of like
5555555 there's fake IPS so they could
just use those if they actually knew
they need like a whole ocean of them and
these all look like they broke that rule
yeah none of these are are can be real
IP I don't think any of them are maybe
it was on purpose then let's give them
that one and their whole narrowing
exercise doesn't work at all because the
guy working in the mail room and the
executive would actually have the same
public facing IP likely yeah God kidding
me Target's using an IR LED array makes
his license plate on B the cameras all
four tires up okay
yes that's actually kind of cool and
like that and the the whole none of
those IPS would be working stuff like
there's there's you know there traces in
here all four tires give up Bluetooth
signals report when they're low on
pressure what do you think I don't know
if they're Bluetooth Bluetooth no they
really don't yeah that would be done
over low frequency signal yeah that's
not even a little bit Bluetooth uh the
there is something really wild that's
happening with self-driving cars and
that is the standard for aircraft like
the aircraft to aircraft communication
uh has been co-opted and modified
slightly for carto car communication so
a lot of smart cars are emitting tons of
radio and can be uniquely identified if
you drive a Tesla your Tesla can be
fingerprinted and and tracked without a
license plate now Wendell this is
something I legitimately don't know
would a Bluetooth device have a MAC
address okay okay okay I've never looked
up the MAC address of my Bluetooth
device well Apple actually has been
worried about this for a long time and
so they've been doing Mac randomization
and Android got that feature later so
when you connect to a public Wi-Fi uh
actually I used to work on a project for
a very large commercial entity where we
were doing Bluetooth uh Beacon tracking
and you could track somebody moving
through a commercial store like a
Marshalls or something like that it's
like oh the same people are coming back
we don't know who they are but they're
they're probably somebody that bought
something oh yeah that's kind of like
what they do on the cruises where they
can bring your drink right to you see
that little white box right
there the Department of Transportation
traffic monitoring system picks up
Bluetooth signals to report traffic
patterns sadly this has become
reality it's not Bluetooth no but if
you're trying to communicate this to
people that are going to watch this show
it's not that bad why don't you just say
Wireless yeah yeah no
way I'm getting HED this is classic no
no this is okay like there's just so
much they already burned to the NC my
goodness my frontal lo I have never
actually seen this this this is a super
legendary scene if someone is stealing
your documents the documents that are
being stolen are not opening on your
screen like it doesn't you're not going
to get a million it would be impossible
to do any work on this computer because
of all the popups remember the '90s like
you get all the popups and bad things
happening on your computer because of
the malware it's like oh what is this
take the node and dump them on the other
side of the router I'm trying it's
moving too fast have you seen this
before Oh my God this is so like okay
two people one keyboard does not work in
any there's just no Universe where two
people one keyboard
works ah where'd it go Abby I didn't do
anything I thought you did no hence why
you don't have two people on One
keyboard he unplugged it well that's the
first person with a
brain we did it literally the most
reasonable thing in that entire scene
with all the submissions you guys gave
us from crime show like CSI and NCIS we
could probably make an entire second
episode just from that so hit the like
button if you guys want to see a second
one of these I mean according to IMDb
NCIS has a budget of only $25 million
per episode so that would explain why
they just didn't have the budget to
accurately represent hacking and
Technology on the show um let's pivot
though and take a look at a movie that
had a budget of a mere $200 million
surely they did a much better job a oh
good it's f
Ramsey has created something interesting
bring it up yes sir say hello to God's
eye now this little bastard hacks into
anything that's on the digital Network
that means
every this is certainly the intelligent
Services want this if we look at it it's
like we we and they try to make
components of this the headlines for the
Pegasus malware and the Dual elliptic
curve incursions by the intelligence
services
and this is scary close to re reality
possibly maybe I say thank God it can
only access anything on the digital
Network as opposed to the analog
networks that we're still rolling one
thing that I may argue is that I don't
know that the Fast and Furious universe
is actually the same as our
own really I think at this point I think
it's arguable that it is not actually
the same universe Dr Chan recalculate
the new Thruster data and relay it to
Blue Oyster called immediately insens he
Roger that do to
[__] what's wrong seriously you auto
updating now General I won't be able to
calculate the right data for the
satellite for 49 minutes how long you
impact 11 minutes and 44 seconds
probably do it on a different computer
Microsoft it do be like that sometimes
okay this is actually pretty funny but
you could probably use a different
machine on the network I'm enjoying this
one enough though that I don't feel like
I need to pick it apart it didn't pull
me complet completely out of the scene
Elijah actually has some inaccuracies in
there that we were supposed to notice
their group policy almost certainly
would have prevented an update for
happening at such an inopportune time
although Microsoft has started ignoring
group policy and they can for certain
things yeah Group Policy is not as
Ironclad as it used to be if they're
like Microsoft if they're like this is
important enough of an update they'll
just our last clip also from The Fast
and Furious universe as Luke calls it
yeah
wait he's in a giant motorcade in a city
and they weren't
sure okay they found him those
coordinates to's copy that so like if
that was a dude that was under
surveillance already and they had
malware on his phone like the Pegasus
malware they absolutely could do that
yeah turned the microphone on
surreptitiously like the whole nine also
am I going to be the one to point out
that they have planes
yeah that are just in the air all the
time and yet they choose to pursue on
the ground in the Fast and the Furious
Universe cars are the best thing that
exist at all other than family well wait
if they've got a New York police escort
just radio the New York police would be
like stop this is what I've been saying
they had to try to track this person
down but they have a giant motorcade in
the middle of a huge City wait why do we
need to read his license plate this is
what I'm this is what I'm saying they
definitely know this is happening do
these guys work for the Department of
redundancy Department if you have this
level of control can't you just turn a
stop light red yeah want every chip with
a zero die exploit in any idiot with a
flipper zero who whoa who every chip
with a zero day exploit in a certain
mile radius I thought why do they need a
chip with a zero day exploit they've got
God's eye they should have everything
got to use the orange text on the video
them
all that's like in the Batman movie that
made Alfred upset yeah what this hacking
they're going to start driving the cars
to crash the motorcade oh my God
excellent this will also be a
thing why would they want it to do
that how did they want the windshield
wipers to go now there's a lot of
intelligence services that would be
really happy for this level of
functionality cuz it's like oh look this
problematic person died in a horrible
car accident
whoops okay where did those coins come
from whoa wo wo W did the coins just
come out of the ground what the happened
to that parking meter I think those were
added in post really also notice how
much rust there is on the ones that are
real shoot their
engines there's people in those C wo wo
W did you see the spread what are these
bullets hitting that's epic
[Music]
dude oh interesting when you shoot the
engine it naturally diverts
away massive thanks to Wendell for
joining us to critique some scenes from
TV shows and movies if you guys have any
suggestions for ones we should check out
in the future make sure you leave a
comment with them down
below and while you're down there why
don't you check out this message from
our sponsor Squarespace creating your
own website doesn't have to be difficult
and luckily with Squarespace it isn't
their allinone platform makes it easy to
get your website up and running quickly
and designing with their fluid engine
site Builder is easy it's so easy start
with a template and customize the
details to your heart's desire with in
intuitive drag and drop elements on both
desktop and mobile you can also use
their asset library to manage all your
files from one Central Hub and use them
across the entire Squarespace platform
plus with squarespace's analytic
insights you can see what's working well
and What needs a little TLC a
littleit you know and if you need help
Squarespace has got your back with
helpful guides and a 247 support team
they do not sleep head to
squarespace.com
get 10% off today if you guys enjoyed
this video why not checking out the one
where James my wife and I watched some
in some cases pretty scintillating Tech
ads it was awkward it involved a glory
hole at one point